You wake up in the middle of the woods. It is midnight.
You hear nothing but the eerie rustling of the trees around you. Inside your pocket you find your cell phone - 18% battery life left.
What will you do?
A) Call out for help
B) Explore using your flashlight

In a scared and desperate panic, you call out into the woods for help. Hopefully someone will hear you, you think to yourself.
Screams echoing through the dank wet pine, your voice crowds out the sounds of wet leaves crunching softly behind you. As the unknown approaches from your rear, you don't notice their footsteps until it is too late. You hear a loud click-click behind you as everything blacks out before you get the chance to turn around to see your killer.
GAME OVER - try again.

You turn on your bright LED phone flashlight as you try to gain a sense of your surroundings. Something catches your eye: it looks like a long expanse of metal. It's the highway fence! You don't hear any cars driving by though, and from the looks of it, it's pretty late at night.
'I should try to set up camp for the night,' you think to yourself. Fidgeting your hands in your jacket pockets, you find a box of matches. 'These could do,' you think.
What will you do?
A) Make a fire and settle in for the night
B) Camp out near the highway and wait for a car passing by

'There's no good place to start a fire here anyways - the ground is wet and there's no dry leaves,' you sigh to yourself, trudging towards the highway. Hopefully it's not too late at night and somebody will find you. Sitting down in a visible spot near the side of the highway, you wait.
After 10 minutes of silence in the freezing cold, a car comes driving by! Shooting up with excitement and hope, you wave your hands frantically at the vehicle. The driver notices you and pulls over. You've been saved!
THE END

You gather up some the driest wood you can find, as well as some dry grass you find on the ground. Your luck isn't the best. After several attempts, you realize that the ground is much to wet for anything to catch flame. You sit alone in the cold, brooding over the situation you've found yourself in.
In the silence, you hear a strange rustling noise. Crackle. Snap. Thump. At the sound of the strange heavy footsteps, you frantically point your flashlight in the direction of the noise. Trembling from cold as well as fear and apprehension, you shakily point your phone, rubbing your eyes to better make out the figure approaching you. After your eyes eventually focus, you get a better glimpse at the perpetrator. Jaw dropping in surprise and horror, you jerk yourself around and begin to make a run for the highway.
Before you take another step, you hear a loud BANG and feel your body drop to the floor. Your heart is racing as you lie bleeding and helpless on the wet forest floor. Gripping your wounded chest as you cough blood out onto the ground, your vision begins to blur. The last thing you hear before you black out is the snicker and laugh of your killer as they look down over your lifeless body and kick it to the side, before whistling and walking off into the distance.
GAME OVER - try again?
